welcome to pee Bree not a football club
I imagine it's it must be nice to
actually get it done and so on a bit
paper yeah I'm over the moon it's doing
and let's hear it as soon as I new
interests up I just wanna come annoyed
it's a great club and hopefully I can do
do good things here it's one of those
sign and serve sort of dragged a little
bit any CC you know the rumors started a
fair while ago for this one and what's
that like for you as a player to deal
with how difficult has that been for you
it hasn't been difficult to deal with
honesty I mean obviously when I first
heard I see it was truth behind it was a
it was a good surprise to me because
obviously I know how good the club is
and all it's a club going places and so
let's it was hard conair concentrated
Valencia I'm just happy the deals done
now and I can crack on with an idea how
did you find out more about the football
club did you speak to Jack obviously
Jack Baldwin who played with you at
hartlepool or was it the gap for the
soldiers used to you how was it I've
been for the sport I spoke to em jab
Aldwyn he says it's a great club has me
all that I could most of them are quite
young as well and but I see it most
importantly as well as a club corn corn
corn places as well and that that
obviously what tip the feel for me but
I'm just glad up here yeah yeah and I
mean looking at your time I hardly for
me you were there to him up in the age
of his 11 was new so listen it the
club's done well for you wasn't it oh
yeah i mean i've got like great respect
for the clue i mean i've had it nine
year coming up and they're the club see
it's going to be a big change for me but
a good one and black CL i just like to
thank them everything as well because
i'd say i've been there since I was 11
12 which is Hawaii one out but I'm just
glad everything's done and but again I
just say thank them for everything the
dunya yeah obviously given so much of
your early years to to a club or did you
just think it was time now to to move on
and make that step up yeah daddy I did
and like I said before it's too good of
an opportunity turned out I mean the
club scoring places the the lads are all
great footballers and so that's it to a
good of an opportunity to turn down so I
just can't wear Noah however Alex are
you about playing in in League One and
how do you think you will you will find
that hopefully I'll find there good
let's say it'll be a little bit
different
pm need to and obviously a new place new
environment new lads but like I say I'm
hopefully I'll hit the ground running
and hopefully I'm trying and try and get
as many girls as I can and their help it
to you man pushed Anya yes for those out
there that don't know much about you
what what you're going to bring to the
table what you're going to bring to be
brie night for girly girls hopefully and
I'll see every strikeout to score goals
and belong to start I like this try oxy
tank in one hundred percent work with or
tighten and hundred ten percent and I'll
see a cool i'll talk that will be bigger
bonus so let's say just hopefully
finding somewhere bring some girls
latinas are you we've got obviously a we
defend our jpt crown tomorrow against
leyton orient here at london road is
that game that you're hoping to get
involved with you spoke with the gaffer
is that certainly you're likely to look
at HubSpot like nothing yet about again
but hopefully i'll see if it gives us a
option i will definitely see i'll be in
there like to be involved collecting i
just want to get up and running now it's
been a long long couple of weeks but i
see i just want to get up and running
and getting the changeroom the ladder
hopefully will help some ass and good
times area